Create stuffed-peppers.md (#8)
compsoc-edinburgh/cook-book: main_courses/medium/stuffed-peppers.md

# Stuffed peppers with mushrooms

This vegan recipe is sure to impress your guests and makes for a lovely main course!

Adapted from [this recipe](https://www.lalena.ro/u/reteta/902/Ardei-umpluti-cu-ciuperci/) with slight alterations - check it out if you need visuals.

Serves **8-11**

## Ingredients

> * 11 peppers (I tend to use red or yellow)
> * 3 brown onions
> * 2 carrots
> * 300g Champignon mushrooms (any of the smaller mushrooms varieties should do)
> * 200g rice (risotto or generally white rice)
> * 1 bunch of fresh dill

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 11 peppers (I tend to use red or yellow)
* 3 brown onions, finely chopped
* 2 carrots, coarsely grated
* 300g Champignon mushrooms (any of the smaller mushrooms varieties should do), washed and finely chopped
* 200g rice (risotto or generally white rice)
* 1 bunch of fresh dill, finely chopped
```

Author: Not halved!!!!!

* 1 can chopped tomatoes
* 1 tbsp dry thyme
* 60ml oil
* 1 tsp salt
* 1 tsp pepper
* 2 vegetable stock cubes

## Method

> 1. Wash the vegetables. Finely chop the onions and grate the carrots.
> 2. Add oil to the pan along with the onions and the carrots, fry for 7-8 minutes.
> 3. Finely chop the mushrooms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add oil to the pan along with the onions and the carrots, fry for 7-8 minutes.
```

Don't worry too much about numbers, GitHub Markdown should set them to the right number anyway! I've moved the chopping directions to the ingredients above.

4. Add the rice and 100ml water to the pan with the onions and carrots.
5. Add thyme and a bit of salt to the pan and let it cook for another 10 minutes.

> 6. Prepare the peppers for stuffing. Depending on their size and how much you want to stuff them, you will need anywhere from 8 to 11 of them.

Reviewer: This could probably be removed with adding the halving note to the `ingredients` section.

> 7. In a larger bowl, mix the cooked vegetables and the mushrooms with finely chopped dill and salt/pepper to your taste. Stuff the peppers with the mix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In a larger bowl, mix the cooked vegetables with the mushrooms and the finely chopped dill then season to taste. Stuff the peppers with the mix.
```
